docs/index.md, before:

fr24 is a library for downloading data from [Flightradar24](https://flightradar24.com) using [gRPC](https://github.com/grpc/grpc/blob/master/doc/PROTOCOL-HTTP2.md) and JSON.

It supports querying live feed snapshots/playback, trajectory history and other miscellaneous metadata.

## Installation
=== "Pip"
    
    Create a new virtual environment and run:

    ```sh
    pip install git+https://github.com/cathaypacific8747/fr24.git
    ```
=== "Poetry"

    ```sh
    poetry add git+https://github.com/cathaypacific8747/fr24.git
    ```

For a development version, clone the repository and install it:
=== "Pip"

    ```sh
    git clone https://github.com/cathaypacific8747/fr24.git
    cd fr24
    pip install .
    ```

=== "Poetry"

    ```sh
    git clone https://github.com/cathaypacific8747/fr24.git
    cd fr24
    poetry install
    poetry shell
    ```

## License

[MIT](https://github.com/cathaypacific8747/fr24/blob/master/LICENSE)

!!! warning
    Code has been developed for educational purposes ONLY. Do not abuse it.

```json
{
  "copyright": "Copyright (c) 2014-2023 Flightradar24 AB. All rights reserved.",
  "legalNotice": "The contents of this file and all derived data are the property of Flightradar24 AB for use exclusively by its products and applications. Using, modifying or redistributing the data without the prior written permission of Flightradar24 AB is not allowed and may result in prosecutions."
}
```

Commit message:

fix(docs): install pypi version, fix broken docs - add: `bbox.py`: dynamic bounds to avoid overloading server

docs/index.md, after:

fr24 is a library for downloading data from [Flightradar24](https://flightradar24.com) using [gRPC](https://github.com/grpc/grpc/blob/master/doc/PROTOCOL-HTTP2.md) and JSON.

It supports querying live feed snapshots/playback, trajectory history and other miscellaneous metadata.

## Installation

For the latest stable version, create a new virtual environment and run:

=== "Pip"

    ```sh
    pip install fr24
    ```

=== "Poetry"

    ```sh
    poetry add fr24
    ```

For a development version, clone the repository and install it:
=== "Pip"

    ```sh
    git clone https://github.com/cathaypacific8747/fr24.git
    cd fr24
    pip install .
    ```

=== "Poetry"

    ```sh
    git clone https://github.com/cathaypacific8747/fr24.git
    cd fr24
    poetry install
    poetry shell
    ```

## License

[MIT](https://github.com/cathaypacific8747/fr24/blob/master/LICENSE)

!!! warning
    Code has been developed for educational purposes ONLY. Do not abuse it.

```json
{
  "copyright": "Copyright (c) 2014-2023 Flightradar24 AB. All rights reserved.",
  "legalNotice": "The contents of this file and all derived data are the property of Flightradar24 AB for use exclusively by its products and applications. Using, modifying or redistributing the data without the prior written permission of Flightradar24 AB is not allowed and may result in prosecutions."
}
```
