docs/usage/examples.md, before:

# Overview


| Name                                                                                  | Core functions                                                                          | Service and Cache Location                                                                                                                                                                                             |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [Flight List](#flight-list)<br><span class="chip chip-json">JSON</span>               | [`flight_list`][fr24.json.flight_list]<br>[`flight_list_df`][fr24.json.flight_list_df]  | [`FlightListService`][fr24.service.FlightListService]<br><br>Cache Location:<br>`flight_list/`<br>`└── reg/`<br>`​    └── {reg.upper()}.parquet`<br>`└── flight_list/`<br>`​    └── {iata_flight_num.upper()}.parquet` |
| [Playback](#playback)<br><span class="chip chip-json">JSON</span>                     | [`playback`][fr24.json.playback]<br>[`playback_df`][fr24.json.playback_df]              | [`PlaybackService`][fr24.service.PlaybackService]<br><br>Cache Location:<br>`playback/`<br>`└── {fr24_hex_id.upper()}.parquet`                                                                                         |
| [Live Feed](#live-feed)<br><span class="chip chip-grpc">gRPC</span>                   | [`live_feed`][fr24.grpc.live_feed]<br>[`live_feed_df`][fr24.grpc.live_feed_df]          | [`LiveFeedService`][fr24.service.LiveFeedService]<br><br>Cache Location:<br>`feed/`<br>`└── {timestamp_s}.parquet`                                                                                                     |
| [Live Feed Playback](#playback-1)<br><span class="chip chip-grpc">gRPC</span>         | [`live_feed_playback`][fr24.grpc.live_feed]<br>[`live_feed_df`][fr24.grpc.live_feed_df] | [`LiveFeedPlaybackService`][fr24.service.LiveFeedPlaybackService]<br><br>Cache Location:<br>`feed/`<br>`└── {timestamp_s}.parquet`                                                                                     |
| [Airport List](#airport-list)<br><span class="chip chip-json">JSON</span>             | [`airport_list`][fr24.json.airport_list]                                                | [`AirportListService`][fr24.service.AirportListService]                                                                                                                                                                |
| [Airport Search](#airport-search)<br><span class="chip chip-json">JSON</span>         | [`find`][fr24.json.find]                                                                | [`FindService`][fr24.service.FindService]                                                                                                                                                                              |
| [Nearest Flights](#nearest-flights)<br><span class="chip chip-grpc">gRPC</span>       | [`nearest_flights`][fr24.grpc.nearest_flights]                                          | [`NearestFlightsService`][fr24.service.NearestFlightsService]<br><br>Cache Location:<br>`nearest_flights/`<br>`└── {lon_x1e6}_{lat_x1e6}_{timestamp_s}.parquet`                                                        |
| [Live Flight Status](#live-flight-status)<br><span class="chip chip-grpc">gRPC</span> | [`live_flights_status`][fr24.grpc.live_flights_status]                                  | [`LiveFlightsStatusService`][fr24.service.LiveFlightsStatusService]<br><br>Cache Location:<br>`live_flights_status/`<br>`└── {timestamp_s}.parquet`                                                                    |
| [~~Search Index~~](#search-index)<br><span class="chip chip-grpc">gRPC</span>         | [~~`search_index`~~][fr24.grpc.search_index]                                            | -                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
| [Follow Flight](#follow-flight)<br><span class="chip chip-grpc">gRPC</span>           | [`follow_flight_stream`][fr24.grpc.follow_flight_stream]                                | [`FollowFlightService`][fr24.service.FollowFlightService]                                                                                                                                                              |
| [Top Flights](#top-flights)<br><span class="chip chip-grpc">gRPC</span>               | [`top_flights`][fr24.grpc.top_flights]                                                  | [`TopFlightsService`][fr24.service.TopFlightsService]<br><br>Cache Location:<br>`top_flights/`<br>`└── {timestamp_s}.parquet`                                                                                          |
| [~~Live Trail~~](#live-trail)<br><span class="chip chip-grpc">gRPC</span>             | [~~`live_trail`~~][fr24.grpc.live_trail]                                                | -                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
| [~~Historic Trail~~](#historic-trail)<br><span class="chip chip-grpc">gRPC</span>     | [~~`historic_trail`~~][fr24.grpc.historic_trail]                                        | -                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
| [Flight Details](#flight-details)<br><span class="chip chip-grpc">gRPC</span>         | [`flight_details`][fr24.grpc.flight_details]                                            | [`FlightDetailsService`][fr24.service.FlightDetailsService]<br><br>Cache Location:<br>`flight_details/`<br>`└── {flight_id}_{timestamp_s}.parquet`                                                                     |
| [Playback Flight](#playback-flight)<br><span class="chip chip-grpc">gRPC</span>       | [`playback_flight`][fr24.grpc.playback_flight]                                          | [`PlaybackFlightService`][fr24.service.PlaybackFlightService]<br><br>Cache Location:<br>`playback_flight/`<br>`└── {flight_id}_{timestamp_s}.parquet`                                                                  |

You can find even more usage examples under [`tests/`](https://github.com/cathaypacific8747/fr24/tree/master/tests).

[Skip to core functions](#core-functions)

## `FR24` services

### Flight list

#### Single page
=== "Jupyter cell"

    ```py
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/10_flight_list.py:script0"
    ```

=== "`result.to_polars()`"
    
    ```
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/10_flight_list.py:df0"
    ```

#### Paginate all pages
Queries for next page as long as user doesn't enter `x`, or if there are no pages left.
In each iteration, rows are upserted and saved to the [cache](./directories.md).

Note that pagination cannot be run in parallel: fetching page N requires information from page N-1.

=== "Jupyter cell"

    ```py hl_lines="7 9 13"
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/10_flight_list.py:script1"
    ```

    1. Create a new result collections, a list under the hood.
    2. Appends the current flight list to the collection. Note that it does not remove duplicates.
    3. Merges the collections into a single table. Removes duplicates (if any).

=== "`results.to_polars()`"
    
    ```
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/10_flight_list.py:df1"
    ```

### Playback

#### Miracle on the Hudson
Downloads the flight trajectory for [UA1549](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/US_Airways_Flight_1549)

=== "Jupyter cell"

    ```py hl_lines="6"
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/11_playback.py:script0"
    ```

    1. From https://www.flightradar24.com/data/pinned/ua1549-2fb3041#2fb3041.

=== "`data.df`"
    
    ```
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/11_playback.py:df0"
    ```

=== "`data.metadata`"
    
    ```py
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/11_playback.py:metadata0"
    ```

#### File operations
Saves trajectory data to disk, reads the track and metadata from it.

=== "Jupyter cell"

    ```py hl_lines="9 11"
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/11_playback.py:script1"
    ```
    
    1. Saves the parquet to the [cache](./directories.md).
    2. Load the parquet from the [cache](./directories.md).

=== "`data_local.df`"
    
    ```
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/11_playback.py:df0"
    ```

=== "`data_local.metadata`"
    
    ```py
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/11_playback.py:metadata0"
    ```

### Airport List

=== "Jupyter cell"

    ```py
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/32_arrivals.py:script0"
    ```

=== "`df`"
    
    ```
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/32_arrivals.py:df0"
    ```

### Airport Search

=== "Jupyter cell"

    ```py
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/33_find.py:script0"
    ```

=== "`df`"
    
    ```
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/33_find.py:df0"
    ```

### Live Feed

#### Live
This example is covered in detail in the [quickstart](./quickstart.md).

=== "Jupyter cell"

    ```py
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/14_live_feed.py:script"
    ```

=== "`result`"
    
    ```py
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/14_live_feed.py:result"
    ```

=== "`result.to_dict()`"
    
    ```py
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/14_live_feed.py:dict"
    ```

=== "`result.to_polars()`"
    
    ```
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/14_live_feed.py:polars"
    ```

#### Playback
Fetches the live feed three days ago.

=== "Jupyter cell"

    ```py hl_lines="4"
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/14_live_feed.py:script2"
    ```

=== "`result.to_polars()`"
    
    ```
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/14_live_feed.py:polars2"
    ```

### Nearest Flights

=== "Jupyter cell"

    ```py
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/15_nearest_flights.py:script"
    ```

=== "`result`"
    
    ```py
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/15_nearest_flights.py:result"
    ```

=== "`result.to_dict()`"
    
    ```py
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/15_nearest_flights.py:dict"
    ```

=== "`result.to_polars()`"
    
    ```
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/15_nearest_flights.py:polars"
    ```

### Live Flights Status

Retrieve the flight status for the closest flights from a location

=== "Jupyter cell"

    ```py
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/16_live_flights_status.py:script"
    ```

=== "`result`"
    
    ```py
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/16_live_flights_status.py:result"
    ```

=== "`result.to_dict()`"
    
    ```py
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/16_live_flights_status.py:dict"
    ```

=== "`result.to_polars()`"
    
    ```
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/16_live_flights_status.py:polars"
    ```

### Follow Flight

Stream real-time updates to the state vector of an aircraft.

!!! note

    This is a streaming service which endlessly yields the latest updates.

    Unlike other services, it does not offer a default serialisation strategy
    (i.e. `result.write_parquet` does not exist). For a local setup, consider
    inserting the updates to a SQLite database manually.

    The first packet of data contains useful initial metadata (`aircraft_info`,
    `flight_plan` and `flight_trail_list`), which will **not** be re-transmitted
    in the subsequent updates.
    
!!! tip

    The server often sends state vector packets every 1-60 seconds, but `httpx`
    by default closes the stream after 5 seconds. We increase the timeout to 120
    seconds to avoid premature closure.

=== "Jupyter cell"

    ```py
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/18_follow_flight.py:script"
    ```

=== "`result.to_proto()`"
    
    ```proto
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/18_follow_flight.py:proto"
    ```

### Top Flights

=== "Jupyter cell"

    ```py
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/19_top_flights.py:script"
    ```

=== "`result`"
    
    ```py
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/19_top_flights.py:result"
    ```

=== "`result.to_dict()`"
    
    ```py
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/19_top_flights.py:dict"
    ```

=== "`result.to_polars()`"
    
    ```
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/19_top_flights.py:polars"
    ```

### Flight Details

Retrieve detailed information about a flight

=== "Jupyter cell"

    ```py
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/22_flight_details.py:script"
    ```

=== "`result`"
    
    ```py
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/22_flight_details.py:result"
    ```

=== "`result.to_dict()`"
    
    ```py
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/22_flight_details.py:dict"
    ```

=== "`result.to_polars()`"
    
    ```
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/22_flight_details.py:polars"
    ```

### Playback Flight

Retrieve detailed historical flight information including complete trail

=== "Jupyter cell"

    ```py
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/16_playback_flight.py:script"
    ```

=== "`result`"
    
    ```py
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/16_playback_flight.py:result"
    ```

=== "`result.to_dict()`"
    
    ```py
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/16_playback_flight.py:dict"
    ```

=== "`result.to_polars()`"
    
    ```
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/16_playback_flight.py:polars"
    ```

## Core functions
### Flight list

=== "Jupyter cell"

    ```py hl_lines="17"
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/30_flight_list.py:script0"
    ```

    1. Replace it with the current time.

=== "`df`"
    
    ```
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/30_flight_list.py:df0"
    ```

### Playback

=== "Jupyter cell"

    ```py
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/31_playback.py:script0"
    ```

=== "`df`"
    
    ```
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/31_playback.py:df0"
    ```

### Airport List

=== "Jupyter cell"

    ```py
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/32_arrivals.py:script1"
    ```

=== "`df`"
    
    ```
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/32_arrivals.py:df0"
    ```

### Airport Search

=== "Jupyter cell"

    ```py
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/33_find.py:script1"
    ```

=== "`df`"
    
    ```
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/33_find.py:df0"
    ```

### Live feed

Demonstrates custom bounding boxes.

=== "Jupyter cell"

    ```py
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/34_live_feed.py:script0"
    ```

    1. The type is a `Result[LiveFeedResponse, ProtoError]`, calling the `.unwrap()` method raises an exception if there is an error.

=== "Protobuf Output"
    
    ```proto
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/34_live_feed.py:output0"
    ```

In JSON format:

=== "Jupyter cell"

    ```py
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/34_live_feed.py:script1"
    ```

=== "Output"
    
    ```py
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/34_live_feed.py:output1"
    ```

### Nearest Flights

=== "Jupyter cell"

    ```py
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/35_nearest_flights.py:script0"
    ```

=== "Protobuf Output"
    
    ```proto
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/35_nearest_flights.py:output0"
    ```

### Live Flight Status

=== "Jupyter cell"

    ```py
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/36_live_flights_status.py:script0"
    ```

=== "Protobuf Output"
    
    ```proto
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/36_live_flights_status.py:output0"
    ```

### Search Index

!!! warning "Unstable API: returns empty `DATA` frame"

=== "Jupyter cell"

    ```py
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/37_search_index.py:script0"
    ```

=== "Protobuf Output"
    
    ```
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/37_search_index.py:output0"
    ```

### Follow Flight

See [above](#follow-flight) for more information.

=== "Jupyter cell"

    ```py
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/38_follow_flight.py:script0"
    ```

=== "Protobuf Output"
    
    ```proto
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/38_follow_flight.py:output0"
    ```

### Top Flights

=== "Jupyter cell"

    ```py
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/39_top_flights.py:script0"
    ```

=== "Protobuf Output"
    
    ```proto
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/39_top_flights.py:output0"
    ```

### Live Trail

!!! warning "Unstable API: returns empty `DATA` frame as of Sep 2024"


=== "Jupyter cell"

    ```py
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/40_live_trail.py:script0"
    ```

=== "Protobuf Output"
    
    ```proto
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/40_live_trail.py:output0"
    ```

### Historic Trail

!!! warning "Unstable API: gateway timeout"

=== "Jupyter cell"

    ```py
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/41_historic_trail.py:script0"
    ```

=== "Protobuf Output"
    
    ```proto
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/41_historic_trail.py:output0"
    ```

### Flight Details

=== "Jupyter cell"

    ```py
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/42_flight_details.py:script0"
    ```

=== "Protobuf Output"
    
    ```proto
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/42_flight_details.py:output0"
    ```


### Playback Flight

=== "Jupyter cell"

    ```py
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/43_playback_flight.py:script0"
    ```

=== "Protobuf Output"
    
    ```proto
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/43_playback_flight.py:output0"
    ```

Commit message:

refactor(api): enforce explicit error handling and request params - removes default bbox: `LiveFeedParams` and `LiveFeedPlaybackParams` now require a `bounding_box` arg - introduce `Result[T, E]` type for JSON API parsing functions, consistent with gRPC API - perf: pre-computes gRPC and JSON headers once.

docs/usage/examples.md, after:

# Overview


| Name                                                                                  | Low-level API                                                                           | Service and Cache Location                                                                                                                                                                                             |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [Flight List](#flight-list)<br><span class="chip chip-json">JSON</span>               | [`flight_list`][fr24.json.flight_list]<br>[`flight_list_df`][fr24.json.flight_list_df]  | [`FlightListService`][fr24.service.FlightListService]<br><br>Cache Location:<br>`flight_list/`<br>`└── reg/`<br>`​    └── {reg.upper()}.parquet`<br>`└── flight_list/`<br>`​    └── {iata_flight_num.upper()}.parquet` |
| [Playback](#playback)<br><span class="chip chip-json">JSON</span>                     | [`playback`][fr24.json.playback]<br>[`playback_df`][fr24.json.playback_df]              | [`PlaybackService`][fr24.service.PlaybackService]<br><br>Cache Location:<br>`playback/`<br>`└── {fr24_hex_id.upper()}.parquet`                                                                                         |
| [Live Feed](#live-feed)<br><span class="chip chip-grpc">gRPC</span>                   | [`live_feed`][fr24.grpc.live_feed]<br>[`live_feed_df`][fr24.grpc.live_feed_df]          | [`LiveFeedService`][fr24.service.LiveFeedService]<br><br>Cache Location:<br>`feed/`<br>`└── {timestamp_s}.parquet`                                                                                                     |
| [Live Feed Playback](#playback-1)<br><span class="chip chip-grpc">gRPC</span>         | [`live_feed_playback`][fr24.grpc.live_feed]<br>[`live_feed_df`][fr24.grpc.live_feed_df] | [`LiveFeedPlaybackService`][fr24.service.LiveFeedPlaybackService]<br><br>Cache Location:<br>`feed/`<br>`└── {timestamp_s}.parquet`                                                                                     |
| [Airport List](#airport-list)<br><span class="chip chip-json">JSON</span>             | [`airport_list`][fr24.json.airport_list]                                                | [`AirportListService`][fr24.service.AirportListService]                                                                                                                                                                |
| [Airport Search](#airport-search)<br><span class="chip chip-json">JSON</span>         | [`find`][fr24.json.find]                                                                | [`FindService`][fr24.service.FindService]                                                                                                                                                                              |
| [Nearest Flights](#nearest-flights)<br><span class="chip chip-grpc">gRPC</span>       | [`nearest_flights`][fr24.grpc.nearest_flights]                                          | [`NearestFlightsService`][fr24.service.NearestFlightsService]<br><br>Cache Location:<br>`nearest_flights/`<br>`└── {lon_x1e6}_{lat_x1e6}_{timestamp_s}.parquet`                                                        |
| [Live Flight Status](#live-flight-status)<br><span class="chip chip-grpc">gRPC</span> | [`live_flights_status`][fr24.grpc.live_flights_status]                                  | [`LiveFlightsStatusService`][fr24.service.LiveFlightsStatusService]<br><br>Cache Location:<br>`live_flights_status/`<br>`└── {timestamp_s}.parquet`                                                                    |
| [~~Search Index~~](#search-index)<br><span class="chip chip-grpc">gRPC</span>         | [~~`search_index`~~][fr24.grpc.search_index]                                            | -                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
| [Follow Flight](#follow-flight)<br><span class="chip chip-grpc">gRPC</span>           | [`follow_flight_stream`][fr24.grpc.follow_flight_stream]                                | [`FollowFlightService`][fr24.service.FollowFlightService]                                                                                                                                                              |
| [Top Flights](#top-flights)<br><span class="chip chip-grpc">gRPC</span>               | [`top_flights`][fr24.grpc.top_flights]                                                  | [`TopFlightsService`][fr24.service.TopFlightsService]<br><br>Cache Location:<br>`top_flights/`<br>`└── {timestamp_s}.parquet`                                                                                          |
| [~~Live Trail~~](#live-trail)<br><span class="chip chip-grpc">gRPC</span>             | [~~`live_trail`~~][fr24.grpc.live_trail]                                                | -                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
| [~~Historic Trail~~](#historic-trail)<br><span class="chip chip-grpc">gRPC</span>     | [~~`historic_trail`~~][fr24.grpc.historic_trail]                                        | -                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
| [Flight Details](#flight-details)<br><span class="chip chip-grpc">gRPC</span>         | [`flight_details`][fr24.grpc.flight_details]                                            | [`FlightDetailsService`][fr24.service.FlightDetailsService]<br><br>Cache Location:<br>`flight_details/`<br>`└── {flight_id}_{timestamp_s}.parquet`                                                                     |
| [Playback Flight](#playback-flight)<br><span class="chip chip-grpc">gRPC</span>       | [`playback_flight`][fr24.grpc.playback_flight]                                          | [`PlaybackFlightService`][fr24.service.PlaybackFlightService]<br><br>Cache Location:<br>`playback_flight/`<br>`└── {flight_id}_{timestamp_s}.parquet`                                                                  |

You can find even more usage examples under [`tests/`](https://github.com/cathaypacific8747/fr24/tree/master/tests).

[Skip to Low Level API](#low-level-api)

## `FR24` services

### Flight list

#### Single page
=== "Jupyter cell"

    ```py
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/10_flight_list.py:script0"
    ```

=== "`result.to_polars()`"
    
    ```
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/10_flight_list.py:df0"
    ```

#### Paginate all pages
Queries for next page as long as user doesn't enter `x`, or if there are no pages left.
In each iteration, rows are upserted and saved to the [cache](./directories.md).

Note that pagination cannot be run in parallel: fetching page N requires information from page N-1.

=== "Jupyter cell"

    ```py hl_lines="7 9 13"
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/10_flight_list.py:script1"
    ```

    1. Create a new result collections, a list under the hood.
    2. Appends the current flight list to the collection. Note that it does not remove duplicates.
    3. Merges the collections into a single table. Removes duplicates (if any).

=== "`results.to_polars()`"
    
    ```
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/10_flight_list.py:df1"
    ```

### Playback

#### Miracle on the Hudson
Downloads the flight trajectory for [UA1549](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/US_Airways_Flight_1549)

=== "Jupyter cell"

    ```py hl_lines="6"
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/11_playback.py:script0"
    ```

    1. From https://www.flightradar24.com/data/pinned/ua1549-2fb3041#2fb3041.

=== "`data.df`"
    
    ```
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/11_playback.py:df0"
    ```

=== "`data.metadata`"
    
    ```py
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/11_playback.py:metadata0"
    ```

#### File operations
Saves trajectory data to disk, reads the track and metadata from it.

=== "Jupyter cell"

    ```py hl_lines="9 11"
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/11_playback.py:script1"
    ```
    
    1. Saves the parquet to the [cache](./directories.md).
    2. Load the parquet from the [cache](./directories.md).

=== "`data_local.df`"
    
    ```
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/11_playback.py:df0"
    ```

=== "`data_local.metadata`"
    
    ```py
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/11_playback.py:metadata0"
    ```

### Airport List

=== "Jupyter cell"

    ```py
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/32_arrivals.py:script0"
    ```

=== "`df`"
    
    ```
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/32_arrivals.py:df0"
    ```

### Airport Search

=== "Jupyter cell"

    ```py
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/33_find.py:script0"
    ```

=== "`df`"
    
    ```
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/33_find.py:df0"
    ```

### Live Feed

#### Live
This example is covered in detail in the [quickstart](./quickstart.md).

=== "Jupyter cell"

    ```py
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/14_live_feed.py:script"
    ```

=== "`result`"
    
    ```py
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/14_live_feed.py:result"
    ```

=== "`result.to_dict()`"
    
    ```py
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/14_live_feed.py:dict"
    ```

=== "`result.to_polars()`"
    
    ```
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/14_live_feed.py:polars"
    ```

#### Playback
Fetches the live feed three days ago.

=== "Jupyter cell"

    ```py hl_lines="4"
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/14_live_feed.py:script2"
    ```

=== "`result.to_polars()`"
    
    ```
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/14_live_feed.py:polars2"
    ```

### Nearest Flights

=== "Jupyter cell"

    ```py
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/15_nearest_flights.py:script"
    ```

=== "`result`"
    
    ```py
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/15_nearest_flights.py:result"
    ```

=== "`result.to_dict()`"
    
    ```py
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/15_nearest_flights.py:dict"
    ```

=== "`result.to_polars()`"
    
    ```
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/15_nearest_flights.py:polars"
    ```

### Live Flights Status

Retrieve the flight status for the closest flights from a location

=== "Jupyter cell"

    ```py
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/16_live_flights_status.py:script"
    ```

=== "`result`"
    
    ```py
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/16_live_flights_status.py:result"
    ```

=== "`result.to_dict()`"
    
    ```py
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/16_live_flights_status.py:dict"
    ```

=== "`result.to_polars()`"
    
    ```
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/16_live_flights_status.py:polars"
    ```

### Follow Flight

Stream real-time updates to the state vector of an aircraft.

!!! note

    This is a streaming service which endlessly yields the latest updates.

    Unlike other services, it does not offer a default serialisation strategy
    (i.e. `result.write_parquet` does not exist). For a local setup, consider
    inserting the updates to a SQLite database manually.

    The first packet of data contains useful initial metadata (`aircraft_info`,
    `flight_plan` and `flight_trail_list`), which will **not** be re-transmitted
    in the subsequent updates.
    
!!! tip

    The server often sends state vector packets every 1-60 seconds, but `httpx`
    by default closes the stream after 5 seconds. We increase the timeout to 120
    seconds to avoid premature closure.

=== "Jupyter cell"

    ```py
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/18_follow_flight.py:script"
    ```

=== "`result.to_proto()`"
    
    ```proto
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/18_follow_flight.py:proto"
    ```

### Top Flights

=== "Jupyter cell"

    ```py
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/19_top_flights.py:script"
    ```

=== "`result`"
    
    ```py
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/19_top_flights.py:result"
    ```

=== "`result.to_dict()`"
    
    ```py
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/19_top_flights.py:dict"
    ```

=== "`result.to_polars()`"
    
    ```
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/19_top_flights.py:polars"
    ```

### Flight Details

Retrieve detailed information about a flight

=== "Jupyter cell"

    ```py
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/22_flight_details.py:script"
    ```

=== "`result`"
    
    ```py
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/22_flight_details.py:result"
    ```

=== "`result.to_dict()`"
    
    ```py
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/22_flight_details.py:dict"
    ```

=== "`result.to_polars()`"
    
    ```
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/22_flight_details.py:polars"
    ```

### Playback Flight

Retrieve detailed historical flight information including complete trail

=== "Jupyter cell"

    ```py
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/16_playback_flight.py:script"
    ```

=== "`result`"
    
    ```py
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/16_playback_flight.py:result"
    ```

=== "`result.to_dict()`"
    
    ```py
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/16_playback_flight.py:dict"
    ```

=== "`result.to_polars()`"
    
    ```
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/16_playback_flight.py:polars"
    ```

## Low Level API

For maximum control, you can also use `fr24` in a procedural style. You will have to manage the headers, authentication yourself. It is highly recommended to use [services](#fr24-services) instead.

### Flight list

=== "Jupyter cell"

    ```py hl_lines="17"
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/30_flight_list.py:script0"
    ```

    1. Replace it with the current time.

=== "`df`"
    
    ```
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/30_flight_list.py:df0"
    ```

### Playback

=== "Jupyter cell"

    ```py
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/31_playback.py:script0"
    ```

=== "`df`"
    
    ```
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/31_playback.py:df0"
    ```

### Airport List

=== "Jupyter cell"

    ```py
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/32_arrivals.py:script1"
    ```

=== "`df`"
    
    ```
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/32_arrivals.py:df0"
    ```

### Airport Search

=== "Jupyter cell"

    ```py
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/33_find.py:script1"
    ```

=== "`df`"
    
    ```
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/33_find.py:df0"
    ```

### Live feed

Demonstrates custom bounding boxes.

=== "Jupyter cell"

    ```py
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/34_live_feed.py:script0"
    ```

    1. The type is a `Result[LiveFeedResponse, ProtoError]`, calling the `.unwrap()` method raises an exception if there is an error.

=== "Protobuf Output"
    
    ```proto
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/34_live_feed.py:output0"
    ```

In JSON format:

=== "Jupyter cell"

    ```py
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/34_live_feed.py:script1"
    ```

=== "Output"
    
    ```py
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/34_live_feed.py:output1"
    ```

### Nearest Flights

=== "Jupyter cell"

    ```py
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/35_nearest_flights.py:script0"
    ```

=== "Protobuf Output"
    
    ```proto
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/35_nearest_flights.py:output0"
    ```

### Live Flight Status

=== "Jupyter cell"

    ```py
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/36_live_flights_status.py:script0"
    ```

=== "Protobuf Output"
    
    ```proto
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/36_live_flights_status.py:output0"
    ```

### Search Index

!!! warning "Unstable API: returns empty `DATA` frame"

=== "Jupyter cell"

    ```py
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/37_search_index.py:script0"
    ```

=== "Protobuf Output"
    
    ```
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/37_search_index.py:output0"
    ```

### Follow Flight

See [above](#follow-flight) for more information.

=== "Jupyter cell"

    ```py
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/38_follow_flight.py:script0"
    ```

=== "Protobuf Output"
    
    ```proto
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/38_follow_flight.py:output0"
    ```

### Top Flights

=== "Jupyter cell"

    ```py
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/39_top_flights.py:script0"
    ```

=== "Protobuf Output"
    
    ```proto
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/39_top_flights.py:output0"
    ```

### Live Trail

!!! warning "Unstable API: returns empty `DATA` frame as of Sep 2024"


=== "Jupyter cell"

    ```py
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/40_live_trail.py:script0"
    ```

=== "Protobuf Output"
    
    ```proto
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/40_live_trail.py:output0"
    ```

### Historic Trail

!!! warning "Unstable API: gateway timeout"

=== "Jupyter cell"

    ```py
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/41_historic_trail.py:script0"
    ```

=== "Protobuf Output"
    
    ```proto
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/41_historic_trail.py:output0"
    ```

### Flight Details

=== "Jupyter cell"

    ```py
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/42_flight_details.py:script0"
    ```

=== "Protobuf Output"
    
    ```proto
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/42_flight_details.py:output0"
    ```


### Playback Flight

=== "Jupyter cell"

    ```py
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/43_playback_flight.py:script0"
    ```

=== "Protobuf Output"
    
    ```proto
    --8<-- "docs/usage/scripts/43_playback_flight.py:output0"
    ```
